Bobo Solution
A great market with multiple flaws: How Bobo fixes this.
We have already seen that the Web 3.0. market overview is more than positive, but currently, Web 3.0. games do not meet players' expectations. 

We are striving to solve current issues of blockchain gaming and make a difference in this space.
We have already solved two of the major problems:
Games were not fun
​ BobTheRobot serve as Gateway to a Multiverse Roll Play Game of it's Own it is an entertaining, free to play, BoboValue-based game. Thanks to its smooth gameplay, simple NFT Integration, engaging community events, and an accessible Battle Pass, BoboPixel0x0 is already one of the most Undiscovered games on WAX and Web 3.0.
No more Speculative tokenomics
Each NFTS of the Main Collection and a couple of side Collections Combined in several Discord Servers with Value Drop Selling for @bobocoin.gm Token...
As absolute BoboValue the Token BPVALUE@bobocoin.gm more than 90% of the Max Supply is in NFTS Pool to Claim per Fixed Rate for anyone Staking there BP0x0 NFTS. A rich amount of Token Swaps make it Reachable for everyone to be part of the Tokenized Drop sells Round up with Special Swaps for Liquor Spenders
In the beginning was 0x0 it divides in one in two in four in eight and double on...(t)ime is the only Value... Deflationary Value Increasing Digital Assets

The whole collection is starting by You everyone who is willing to claim a Free5Min Drop (Free for RAM pay) Everyone can DROP.!.!. These essential WAX utilities build the fundamental of the Value Increase Process. BurningNumbers are in Package to get Faster the Higher Numbers Each Number can Blended in to several other NFTS Schemes Which than can be Staked for Higher BPVALUE Tokens which have there own Drop Sells   our tokens are all connected and build a Value Swap Starding by GOLD to BOPIXBO tokens on the Open Market followed by BOCO as Central connect for Guild Tokens ROCK SCISSOR PAPER with STONE METAL WOOD to side arms - DOOR KEY over to Value Indicator Tokens  BPVALUE COFFEE and Value Giver Base Stats- STR AGI DEX VIT INT LUK needed for the Discord RPG Game which sync wallets and give Rolls with Special READ permission for Higher ROOMs with secret Drop Links only at Discord

BobTheRobot
Is a Discord Python written Service BOT with limited license NFTS Help in Creating a Side Collection with Integrated WordPress, NFTS Collection, Discord Server

And we are working to solve the third one:
Easy and free onboarding on Bobo
We are tirelessly working to remove barriers of access and - at the same time - guarantee the best decentralized and transparent experience to everyone. BobTheRobot With integration on a list of Servers make it possible for Free to level up and see higher ROOMs This will be a great step toward greater adoption, not only for Bobo and the WAX blockchain, but all the Web 3.0. world.
